README.md, before:

# Spentris

This repository houses the *second version* of Spentris. The motivation for creating a brand new version was because of the rashness, hastiness, and spaghettification of the old code. I was unable to continue working on the previous version, so I planned and created a new version over many months. This time, I was attentive to ensure that there was sufficient planning and lookahead involved with the project. Modularity within the project is heavily utilized to make swapping parts easier. Comments must be somewhat frequent but not redundant.

## Documentation

The documentation can be found in `docs.md`.

## Extra Information

The previous version of *Spentris* can be found [here (repository)](https://github.com/Spentine/Block-Stacker) and can be played [here (webgame)](https://spentine.github.io/Block-Stacker/init.html). Have fun!

### Legal

***This game is not associated with Tetris in any way, shape, or form.*** It is a game of the *Block Stacker* genre.

### Contributors

Only Spentine for now.
People are welcome to contribute code, assets, and translations!

Commit message:

improve documentation
- added more menus for the puzzles but are dysfunctional
- moved render canvas to a global menu system
- changed README.md to an actual description of the game
- start more centralized documentation in docs.md

README.md, after:

# Spentris

Spentris is a game of the Block Stacker genre. It will contain a variety of features ranging from learning material to gameplay. The program is intended for use by beginners to learn new strategies and for professionals to refresh and review their skills. All intended use purposes will be listed below:

-	Puzzles to practice new strategies
-	Lessons to teach new strategies
-	Ability to play generic game modes
-	Multiplayer over WebSocket
  If not, create 1v1 vs bots
-	Separability of UI and Game Engine
  - Allows for separate refactoring
  - More expandability
- As a passive finesse trainer

Of all the features, the most important is to allow for expandability. This will allow for the program to continually be improved without refactoring.

*(taken from deprecated docs.md)*

## Documentation

The documentation can be found in `docs.md`.

## Extra Information

The previous version of *Spentris* can be found [here (repository)](https://github.com/Spentine/Block-Stacker) and can be played [here (webgame)](https://spentine.github.io/Block-Stacker/init.html). Have fun!

### Legal

***This game is not associated with Tetris in any way, shape, or form.*** It is a game of the *Block Stacker* genre.

### Contributors

Only Spentine for now.
People are welcome to contribute code, assets, and translations!
