documentation/todo.md, before:

# Spentris To-Do List

- [ ] UI
  - [x] Create `MenuHandler` Class
  - [x] Create menu interface that allows for users to play
  - [x] Create settings interface that allows for users to change handling and keybinds
    - [x] Handling
    - [x] Keybinds
      - [ ] Fix keybinds for different keyboard layouts
  - [x] Update localization support for the UI
  - [ ] Create ending screen for games 
  - [x] Prevent SDF from going below 1
  - [x] V2
    - [x] Create `MenuHandlerV2` Class
    - [x] Implement all current features of `MenuHandler` Class
    - [x] Deprecate V1 and try to remove traces of it
  - [ ] Remove `resetDisplay` and instead replace with `clearContainer`
  - [ ] Puzzles
    - [ ] Replace placeholder piece input with actual piece input
    - [ ] Add GUI Board Editor
    - [ ] Add gradients at the top and bottom of scrollable elements
    - [x] Add file saving / loading
    - [x] Add puzzle solution editor
      - [ ] Lua
        - [ ] Ensure there are no security vulnerabilities with Lua
        - [ ] Remove Lua memory leak with `lua.global.close()`
        - [ ] Lua syntax highlighting
        - [ ] Create API for Lua to interact with game
      - [ ] Add dedicated elements for `clearTypesArray`
  - [ ] Make skin data pertain to each skin's needs
- [ ] Persistent Data
  - [x] Save data with `localStorage`
  - [ ] Save data to a file
    - [ ] Export data
    - [ ] Import data
  - [ ] Add setting presets
- [ ] Game
  - [x] Create more modes
    - [x] 40L
      - [ ] make time start when you move first piece
    - [x] Blitz / Ultra
  - [ ] Ability to create a custom mode
  - [x] Add all-spin+ with T-piece immobility
  - [x] Remove `mode` parameter from `generateNext`
  - [ ] Add `functions.start` function to `gameStart`
- [ ] Puzzles
  - [ ] Create puzzle selection interface
  - [x] Create designated puzzle creator
  - [ ] Automatically generate puzzles
  - [x] Make puzzle format JSON-compliant
  - [x] Test `clearsFinish` puzzle function
- [ ] Lessons
  - *too far ahead, give it a year at this pace*
- [ ] Code
  - [ ] Centralize all values
  - [ ] Enforce D.R.Y. principle
  - [ ] Remove logic from input handler functions in engine
  - [x] Move value change conversion from menu scripts to engine
  - [ ] Detach adapters from classes; should be independent
  - [ ] Add error handling
  - [ ] Prevent memory leaks in code
    - [ ] Dispose objects by removing circular references
- [ ] URL
  - [ ] Redirect users with URL-specified parameters
  - [ ] Dynamically update URL with current menu

Commit message:

import and export as Puzzle instead of PuzzleModifier

documentation/todo.md, after:

# Spentris To-Do List

- [ ] UI
  - [x] Create `MenuHandler` Class
  - [x] Create menu interface that allows for users to play
  - [x] Create settings interface that allows for users to change handling and keybinds
    - [x] Handling
    - [x] Keybinds
      - [ ] Fix keybinds for different keyboard layouts
  - [x] Update localization support for the UI
  - [ ] Create ending screen for games 
  - [x] Prevent SDF from going below 1
  - [x] V2
    - [x] Create `MenuHandlerV2` Class
    - [x] Implement all current features of `MenuHandler` Class
    - [x] Deprecate V1 and try to remove traces of it
  - [ ] Remove `resetDisplay` and instead replace with `clearContainer`
  - [ ] Puzzles
    - [ ] Replace placeholder piece input with actual piece input
    - [ ] Add GUI Board Editor
    - [ ] Add gradients at the top and bottom of scrollable elements
    - [x] Add file saving / loading
    - [x] Add puzzle solution editor
      - [ ] Lua
        - [ ] Ensure there are no security vulnerabilities with Lua
        - [ ] Remove Lua memory leak with `lua.global.close()`
        - [ ] Lua syntax highlighting
        - [ ] Create API for Lua to interact with game
      - [ ] Add dedicated elements for `clearTypesArray`
    - [ ] Export Puzzles as actual JSON `Puzzle` objects
      - [ ] `Puzzle` to `PuzzleModifier` conversion function
  - [ ] Make skin data pertain to each skin's needs
- [ ] Persistent Data
  - [x] Save data with `localStorage`
  - [ ] Save data to a file
    - [ ] Export data
    - [ ] Import data
  - [ ] Add setting presets
- [ ] Game
  - [x] Create more modes
    - [x] 40L
      - [ ] make time start when you move first piece
    - [x] Blitz / Ultra
  - [ ] Ability to create a custom mode
  - [x] Add all-spin+ with T-piece immobility
  - [x] Remove `mode` parameter from `generateNext`
  - [ ] Add `functions.start` function to `gameStart`
- [ ] Puzzles
  - [ ] Create puzzle selection interface
  - [x] Create designated puzzle creator
  - [ ] Automatically generate puzzles
  - [x] Make puzzle format JSON-compliant
  - [x] Test `clearsFinish` puzzle function
- [ ] Lessons
  - *too far ahead, give it a year at this pace*
- [ ] Code
  - [ ] Centralize all values
  - [ ] Enforce D.R.Y. principle
  - [ ] Remove logic from input handler functions in engine
  - [x] Move value change conversion from menu scripts to engine
  - [ ] Detach adapters from classes; should be independent
  - [ ] Add error handling
  - [ ] Prevent memory leaks in code
    - [ ] Dispose objects by removing circular references
- [ ] URL
  - [ ] Redirect users with URL-specified parameters
  - [ ] Dynamically update URL with current menu
